\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename secnote.info
@settitle secnote
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header


@copying
This manual is for secnote.

Copyright @copyright{} 2013 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification,
are permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright
notice and this notice are preserved.  This file is offered as-is,
without any warranty.

(GNU All Permissive License)
@end quotation
@end copying


@ifnottex
@node Top
@top secnote
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title secnote
@subtitle Encrypted note taking
@author Mattias Andrée, maandree@@member.fsf.org
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@page
@*@*
@center{`...'}
@end titlepage

@contents


@menu
* Overview::                  Overview of @command{secnote}
* License of secnote::        Summary of the license of the program
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@command{secnote} is a command the lets you use encryption
on your favourite text editor. @command{secnote} runs
@var{$EDITOR}, which should always be exported as a command
to start your default text editor, with one file as argument
that you use when you invoke @command{secnote}.

@command{secnote} uses GNU Privacy Guard for encryption.
You must have your GPG key ID exported to @var{$GPG_KEY},
so @command{secnote} knows which keys to use. This key set
will be used for encryption, decryption and signing.

You should always encrypt all your partitions (except /boot
of cause), including your swap (if you have one). 
@command{secnote} is used to harden your privacy incase your
computers has be compromissed while the partitions are
mounted.




@node License of secnote
@appendix License of secnote

@flushleft
secnote – Encrypted note taking

Copyright © 2013  Mattias Andrée (maandree@@member.fsf.org)

Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification,
are permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright
notice and this notice are preserved.  This file is offered as-is,
without any warranty.

(GNU All Permissive License)
@end flushleft

@bye

